##### Saturday, September 21 2013 at 1:00pm (BA 3200)

###### With Michael, Monica, Noel, Shandheap, Yuqiong and Zhi

1. Read description of Healthy Homes project
2. Agreed on a basic set of questions to ask Judy:
	1. Can you walk us through a complaint life cycle, from collection to viewing on the website?
	2. How and in what formats are you collecting the complaints?
	3. How, by whom and in what formats are the complaints being entered into the system?
	4. In what formats is the information going to be displayed?
	5. Can you make a few (diverse) potential users of the service available to us?
	6. Can we schedule a date in the next week where the six of us can meet with you to introduce ourselves?
	7. What technologies are you using for your current website?
3. Discussed a name for the project. After suggestions that included nest_scout, safe_living, and hygea, we settled on healthyhome.
4. Michael volunteered to give Zhi and Yuqiong a basic Git tutorial.
5. Noel volunteered to send Susan an email asking about the project deadline.
6. We agreed to try to use trello, google drive and google groups as tools to organize the group.
7. We discussed a group charter, and agreed on:
	1. Communicate in a timely manner.
	2. Define meetings with a specific agenda and time, to ensure we respect other priorities that members might have.
	3. Meet regularly — a scrum every few 2 or 3 days, and a longer meeting on the weekend.
	4. We will not fail silently.
	5. We will not judge failure.
	6. An A grade is is important.
	7. We will build something that is interesting and that makes us proud.
	8. We will ensure that the experience we have working on this project together is positive.
	9. We will not let our current level of inexperience prevent us from working on a piece of the project we want to.
	10. We will look to acquire mastery and knowledge.
	11. We will share the knowledge we have with the group. Share and show, do not do.
8. We discussed the cost of Google Map. Pricing starts after 25,000 map views. We discussed alternatives including Open Layers and Leaflets.

