##### Monday, September 30 2013 at 1:30pm (ACORN Headquarters)

###### With Melville, Judy and Peggy

1. Q&A with Judy:

	1. How do you use the system, Judy?
		* Check in every once in a while (weekly)
        * We want to know where most complaints are coming from
		* We want to get people involved with Acorn so that we can help them fight for their rights
		* When people complain, we want their information, so that we can contact them

	2. Is there anything additional you'd like to be able to do with the data?
		* Export it in Excell (csv) format

    3. Does a complaint ever expire / disappear from the website?
		* No. We keep all complaints, but the map should display only the relevant ones.

	4. What kind of administrative features would you like to see?
		* Administrators should be able to delete complaints and buildings

	5. Does a complaint have an expiration date?
		* No. Use filters on the map to see relevant data.
		* As an option: the map could display the severity of the building (by number of complaints)

	6. How should we deal with duplicate submissions?
		* Limit complaints to  once a day from the same machine / phone number

	7. Should complaints be limited to addresses in Canada?
		* No. International complaints are welcome, since ACORN international could benefit.


	8. How do you feel about a comments section on each building's page, that allows for landlords and tenants to publicly discuss the complaint?
		* It's a welcome feature


	9. Are you looking for any aggregate statistical information about the website usage?
		* We want google analytics information and graphs for the website

	10. From looking at the current web traffic that you see on your website, do you think the free google maps api (25k calls a day) would suffice?
		* Yes. We are willing to pay more if it becomes necessary 

2. Q&A with Peggy:
	
	1. What is your technical background?
		* Comfortable using CMS and drupal to organize pages

	2. What hosting service do you use?
		* Web.net with Drupal

	3. Would you be willing to pay for additional hosting / migrate to different hosting provider?
		* Depends on price


3. Picture time!


